DOCS-1684: Clean up module configure page R2D2 (#2674)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/registry/configure.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{% /tabs %}}

### Edit the module

> You can also view and edit the configuration of their underlying module from the **CONFIGURE** tab:

Author: ```suggestion
You can also view and edit the configuration of a modular resource's underlying module from the **CONFIGURE** tab:
```
